Clarifying some common pitfalls for Visual Studio debugging (#7062)
godotengine/godot-docs: contributing/development/configuring_an_ide/visual_studio.rst

with the solution file, it can be generated using SCons.

- Navigate to the Godot root folder and open a Command Prompt or PowerShell window.
- Run ``scons platform=windows vsproj=yes dev_build=yes`` to generate the solution with debug symbols.

>         The vsproj parameter signals that you want Visual Studio solution generated.
>         The dev_build parameter makes sure the debug symbols are included, to place breakpoints and step through code.

Reviewer: I'd reword this as you can always "place breakpoints", they just wouldn't work without the debug symbols. :upside_down_face:
```suggestion
        The ``vsproj`` parameter signals that you want Visual Studio solution generated.
        The ``dev_build`` parameter makes sure the debug symbols are included, allowing to e.g. step through code using breakpoints.
```

I'm not sure about formatting/tabs, someone from the docs team should take care of that.

Author: done

> - Run ``scons platform=windows vsproj=yes dev_build=yes`` to generate the solution with debug symbols.
>         The ``vsproj`` parameter signals that you want Visual Studio solution generated.
>         The ``dev_build`` parameter makes sure the debug symbols are included, allowing to e.g. step through code using breakpoints.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- | Run ``scons platform=windows vsproj=yes dev_build=yes`` to generate the solution with debug symbols.
  | The ``vsproj`` parameter signals that you want Visual Studio solution generated.
  | The ``dev_build`` parameter makes sure the debug symbols are included, allowing to e.g. step through code using breakpoints.
```

- Open the **Debugging** section and under **Command Arguments** add two new arguments:
  the ``-e`` flag opens the editor instead of the Project Manager, and the ``--path`` argument
  tells the executable to open the specified project (must be provided as an *absolute* path

>   to the project root, not the ``project.godot`` file, also must not contain whitespaces in the path).

Reviewer: You can pass path with spaces though (not sure about other whitespaces) by using double quotes. Like: `--path "some/path/name with spaces"`.

Reviewer: > I could replace it to suggest always using the quotes, which should be the safer option.

Fine to me. But a note in here could also be added:
```suggestion
  to the project root, not the ``project.godot`` file; if the path contains spaces be sure to pass it inside double quotation marks).
```
or something like that.

Author: Done
